MinGW.org-WSL (Windows System Libraries)
========================================

This package provides both the C Runtime (mingwrt) and the Windows API
(winapi, a.k.a. w32api) system library components, which are required to
support the MinGW.OSDN distribution of the GNU Compiler Collection.


Important Notice
----------------

The canonical URI for this package's source code repository is:
git://git.osdn.net/gitroot/mingw/mingw-org-wsl.git

Alternative canonical URIs, equivalent to the above are:
https://scm.osdn.net/gitroot/mingw/mingw-org-wsl.git
http://scm.osdn.net/gitroot/mingw/mingw-org-wsl.git

Privileged users, with SSH update rights, may clone the repository from:
ssh://USERNAME@git.osdn.net:/gitroot/mingw/mingw-org-wsl.git

Privileged users, who favour Mercurial over Git, may enable Mercurial's
git extension, and then "hg clone" from the equivalent (hg-capable) URI:
git+ssh://USERNAME@git.osdn.net:/gitroot/mingw/mingw-org-wsl.git

If you obtain source code from any URI, other than those canonical URIs
listed above, (or any alternative URI as may be identified subsequently,
at these URIs), then you should be advised that such source code is not
maintained by the MinGW.OSDN Development Team, and is likely obsolete.


Description
-----------

MinGW.org-WSL is provided, and maintained by the MinGW.OSDN Development
Team, to furnish essential bindings between the GNU Compiler Collection
and the MS-Windows operating system.  Historically, development has been
focused on support for the 32-bit MS-Windows platform.  However, these
libraries are intended for use in both 32-bit and 64-bit programming;
patches to imporve support for both platforms, and in particular the
64-bit platform, will be gratefully considered.

Parts of the C runtime have been adapted to improve C99 compliance, but
for the most part you may find that Microsoft's documentation, provided
at http://msdn.microsoft.com, offers the most useful advice on the use
the MinGW.org-WSL libraries in your own programming.

The GNU C++ Compiler (g++) provides its own implementation of the C++
standard; http://gcc.gnu.org offers the most useful documentation for
this particular implementation of the C++ standard.  (Do please note
that not all features of this implementation are fully supported on
the MS-Windows platforms).
